{
  "title": "Turkey and Root Veg Panzanella",
  "content": "JSON-LD Data:\n{\n  \"@context\": \"http://schema.org\",\n  \"@type\": \"Recipe\",\n  \"mainEntityOfPage\": true,\n  \"name\": \"Butterflied, Dry Brined Roasted Turkey with Roasted Root Vegetable Panzanella\",\n  \"url\": \"https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/butterflied-dry-brined-roasted-turkey-with-roasted-root-vegetable-panzanella-recipe-2125794\",\n  \"headline\": \"Butterflied, Dry Brined Roasted Turkey with Roasted Root Vegetable Panzanella\",\n  \"author\": [\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Person\",\n      \"name\": \"Alton Brown\",\n      \"url\": \"https://www.foodnetwork.com/profiles/talent/alton-brown\"\n    }\n  ],\n  \"image\": [\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"ImageObject\",\n      \"url\": \"https://food.fnr.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2011/11/19/0/EASP07H_butterflied-dry-brined-roasted-turkey-with-roasted-root-vegetable-panzanella_s4x3.jpg.rend.hgtvcom.1280.1280.suffix/1381870951170.webp\",\n      \"height\": \"1280\",\n      \"width\": \"1280\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"ImageObject\",\n      \"url\": \"https://food.fnr.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2011/11/19/0/EASP07H_butterflied-dry-brined-roasted-turkey-with-roasted-root-vegetable-panzanella_s4x3.jpg.rend.hgtvcom.1280.960.suffix/1381870951170.webp\",\n      \"height\": \"960\",\n      \"width\": \"1280\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"ImageObject\",\n      \"url\": \"https://food.fnr.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2011/11/19/0/EASP07H_butterflied-dry-brined-roasted-turkey-with-roasted-root-vegetable-panzanella_s4x3.jpg.rend.hgtvcom.1280.720.suffix/1381870951170.webp\",\n      \"height\": \"720\",\n      \"width\": \"1280\"\n    }\n  ],\n  \"datePublished\": \"2015-06-06T10:26:44.079-04:00\",\n  \"dateModified\": \"2014-01-30T10:44:01.340-05:00\",\n  \"publisher\": {\n    \"@type\": \"Organization\",\n    \"name\": \"Food Network\",\n    \"url\": \"https://www.foodnetwork.com\",\n    \"logo\": {\n      \"@type\": \"ImageObject\",\n      \"url\": \"https://food.fnr.sndimg.com/etc/clientlibs/assets/images/food/fn-logo-flat-60x60.png\",\n      \"height\": \"60\",\n      \"width\": \"60\"\n    }\n  },\n  \"keywords\": \"Thanksgiving Turkey,Poultry,Thanksgiving,Turkey Recipes,Brined Turkey,Roasted Turkey,Roasting,Main Dish,High Fiber\",\n  \"cookTime\": \"P0Y0M0DT1H20M0.000S\",\n  \"prepTime\": \"P0Y0M0DT1H15M0.000S\",\n  \"totalTime\": \"P0Y0M4DT3H5M0.000S\",\n  \"recipeIngredient\": [\n    \"3 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt\",\n    \"1 1/2 teaspoons rubbed sage\",\n    \"1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme\",\n    \"1 1/4 teaspoons whole black peppercorns\",\n    \"1/2 teaspoon whole allspice berries\",\n    \"1 13 to 14 pound whole turkey, neck and giblets removed and reserved for Giblet Stock\",\n    \"1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled and cubed into 1/2-inch pieces\",\n    \"1 teaspoon vegetable oil \",\n    \"1/2 pound red onion, diced into 1/2-inch pieces\",\n    \"8 ounces medium Brussels sprouts, shredded on the thin slicing blade of a food processor\",\n    \"8 ounces hearty sourdough or multigrain bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes and staled\",\n    \"2 cloves garlic, minced\",\n    \"1/4 cup apple cider vinegar\",\n    \"2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves\",\n    \"Kosher salt\",\n    \"Freshly ground black pepper\"\n  ],\n  \"nutrition\": {\n    \"@type\": \"NutritionInformation\",\n    \"servingSize\": \"1 of 10 servings\",\n    \"calories\": \"767\",\n    \"fatContent\": \"26g\",\n    \"saturatedFatContent\": \"7g\",\n    \"carbohydrateContent\": \"29g\",\n    \"fiberContent\": \"7g\",\n    \"sugarContent\": \"7g\",\n    \"proteinContent\": \"99g\",\n    \"cholesterolContent\": \"313mg\",\n    \"sodiumContent\": \"1765mg\"\n  },\n  \"recipeInstructions\": [\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"For the turkey: Four days before service, place the salt, sage, thyme, black peppercorns, and allspice into a spice grinder and pulse until the peppercorns and allspice are coarsely ground, 5 to 6 pulses. Set aside. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Set the turkey, breast-side down, on a large cutting board with the tail closest to you. Use an electric knife or heavy-duty kitchen shears to cut up one side of the backbone. Turn the bird around and cut back down the other side of the spine. Reserve the backbone for Giblet Stock. Discard any fat pockets or excess skin found inside the turkey. Turn the turkey breast-side up and use the heel of your hands to press down on both breasts, until you hear a cracking sound and the bird has flattened slightly. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Rub the seasoned salt on both sides of the turkey. Place the turkey on a parchment paper lined half sheet pan, breast-side up with legs running with the long side of the pan. Store, uncovered, in the refrigerator for 4 days. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Remove the turkey from the refrigerator and leave at room temperature for 1 hour. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"For the panzanella: Place the parsnips and rutabaga in a large nonstick roasting pan, toss with vegetable oil and set aside. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Place one rack in the middle of the oven and a second one far enough below so the roasting pan will fit. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the turkey directly on the middle rack of the oven with the legs perpendicular to the metal bars of the rack. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Place the roasting pan with the parsnips and rutabaga on the rack below the turkey and roast both for 30 minutes. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. Add the red onion to the roasting vegetables and stir to combine. Continue to roast both the vegetables and the turkey until a probe thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 155 degrees F, an additional 40 to 50 minutes.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Remove the turkey from the oven onto a cooling rack set inside a half sheet pan and rest for 30 minutes. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Add the Brussels sprouts, bread cubes and garlic to the roasting vegetables, stir to combine and roast for an additional 15 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the oven and immediately transfer to a serving bowl. Pour the apple cider vinegar in the warm roasting pan, stir and scrape off any browned bits from the pan. Pour the vinegar mixture over the salad, add the thyme and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper as desired. Serve warm or at room temperature. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"HowToStep\",\n      \"text\": \"Carve the turkey with an electric knife and serve with the panzanella.\"\n    }\n  ],\n  \"aggregateRating\": {\n    \"@type\": \"AggregateRating\",\n    \"ratingValue\": 4.6,\n    \"reviewCount\": 97\n  },\n  \"recipeYield\": \"8 to 10 servings\",\n  \"review\": [\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I've made this Turkey recipe for severalyears. It is foolproof!I'll never cook a turkey any other way. It is simply awesome\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"j_e_cassidy\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I will never cook a turkey any other way.  This is my 3rd time cooking it butterflied and brined with this recipe.  The only thing I don’t do anymore is cook it one the oven rack and let it drip over the vegetables.  While it was delicious, it is also very messy in the oven and so now I skip the panzanella and cook the turkey on a roasting rack and pan.  I gather the drippings and add to my roasted root vegetables that way.  The brining makes all the difference for a well flavored and very moist turkey.  It was so enjoyed that there were very little leftovers yams I had to share this recipe to all our guests.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This is and has been, my \\\"go to\\\", recipe for 10 years. Whenever I cook it, I have no problem sending them Alton's link.  \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Sandracastle\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I love this recipe I use it every year. However I smoke the turkey  it the best, moist and juice! People wait for my turkeys to come out for my churches Thanksgiving party.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Best turkey I’ve ever made!  I didn’t make the panzarella but followed Alton’s turkey prep instructions almost to a T (only dry brined for 2 days as the bird wasn’t thawed till then). <br /><br />The meat was uniformly moist and cooked through and the crispy skin was a big hit! <br /><br />Cooking was a challenge in so far as the 15lb bird extended the width and depth of my oven cavity, so I put the turkey directly on a clean rack and put my largest lasagne-type pan on the bottom rack. I lined this pan with foil shaped to funnel juices into the pan bottom and put about 2 cups of stock under to I could make gravy.<br /><br />This will be my go to method for whole poultry roasting!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Chris P.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 3,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"<div>Very interesting to see so many positive reviews. I followed the recipe to a T, and the bird looked great when it came out of the oven. However, the skin was tough and chewy - barely edible at all, practically needed a saw to cut through it. It was not crispy. The meat was decent; but not as juicy and flavorful as I was expecting. I've made Alton's wet-brine recipe before and I've had better results with that.</div><div><br /></div><div>Any idea what I might have done wrong? I was expecting the results that everyone else seemed to have; would love to try it again, if I can know what I need to tweak...<br /></div>\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"mark.stamp\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I told my brother that I spatchcocked the turkey, and he called the cops.<div><br /></div><div>In any case, it's an awesome recipe! The bird turned out juicy and extremely tasty---it was easily the best Thanksgiving turkey I've ever made. The biggest surprise was the panzanella, which was also excellent. </div><div><br /></div><div>I followed the turkey recipe to the T (as in \\\"turkey\\\"...), but I did make a mod to the panzanella. In my local Trader Joe's, they only sell parsnips and rutabagas in 1 lb bags, so I went with 1 lb each of parsnips, rutabagas, and carrots. For bread, I just used a Costco baguette, and that was OK, but I'd probably put a little more thought into the bread next time.<br /></div><div><br /></div><div>It does create a bit of smoke, but my wife is Chinese, so a little smoke in the kitchen didn't freak her out. I turned the kitchen fan on full blast as soon as I put the turkey in the oven. I put the veggies on a cookie sheet, and I made some tinfoil extenders for the sides of the cookie sheet to catch more of the drippings. I think that helped to keep the smoke down to something reasonable.</div><div><br /></div><div>Try it. I guarantee that you'll _love_ it!</div><div><br /></div>\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"debra s.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I found that the turkey comes out surprisingly moist and tasty, but the bread underneath was dry.  It's been our family's favorite turkey for years, so after the first bread problem, we have either let it drip into a pan, or different veggie/bread recipe below.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Cheryl W.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Family favorite! We love the taste and texture of this dry brine! No fail turkey for us!<div><br /></div><div><br /></div>\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"weather_lady\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Fabulous recipe - even juicier and more flavorful than the \\\"Good Eats\\\" wet-brined turkey we've typically done in the past.  I spatchcocked, dry-brined and roasted a 21-pound turkey alongside two extra turkey legs (I multiplied the amount of salt and herbs for the dry brine by 1.5 to make up for the larger size, and used game processing shears purchased at a hunting store to cut out the backbone).  I did make a tiny modification to the roasting instructions: instead of putting it on the oven rack over a pan of panzanella, I put the turkey on wire cooling racks over a 21x16 sheet pan (the largest that would fit in my oven, and just barely large enough for the turkey) lined with leftover sliced potatoes, onions and apples, which soaked up the juices, kept the oven from smoking and made the kitchen smell heavenly.  The turkey was fully roasted in 2 hours and 45 minutes (30 minutes at 425, 1 hour 45 minutes at 350), with perfectly-crispy skin and juicy, flavorful meat that was still piping hot even after resting for 30-40 minutes.  This was a such an easy and convenient way to brine and roast the turkey, I don't think I'll ever go back to a non-spatchcocked or wet-brined bird.  To paraphrase Kanye West, this was our best Thanksgiving turkey of all time -- OF ALL TIME!!!<br />\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Amazing and fast\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Elizabeth M.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"The best turkey ever hands down! I’ve made this 5 years in a row and everyone is always OBSESSED with it. My dad and I have been watching Good Eats since I was 3, so it’s only fitting this is our traditional thanksgiving recipe now! Thanks, Alton!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Sara L.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I've made this for 3 years now and my turkey is never dry and always gone by the time everyone leaves. I've made it my own with a butter, lemon, cream of chicken, and spice mix and I like to add bacon but I will never make a turkey the traditional way again. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"cjcom\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Outstanding. First time we tried it and cooked it on the Weber. Very juicy and delicious flavor. Did not make the veg, but turkey was perfect. We purchased a 20 lb fresh organic turkey. I haven't bought a frozen one for decades.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Kait L.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 1,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I’m a good cook, but for some reason, this bird did nothing but smoke up the house! Followed Alton’s recipe to the T and even watched this episode a few times! Ended up pulling it out, breaking down the bird, and cooking it in my pressure cooker. What gives? How is everyone else successful with the same method? Mine just wouldn’t stop smoking! I wanted it to work and I’m willing to try again for redemption. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Jeremy C.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Looking forward to trying this. Do you think this could be done on an outdoor gas grill? I had to get 2 birds. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"mhjak1216\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This turkey recipe was easy to execute. I only had time to dry-brine it for two days, and I couldn't let the drippings fall into a pan of vegetables. I put it on a wire rack, inside a sheet pan. Everyone said it's the most flavorful and moist turkey they ever had!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Zac C.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"By far one of the best tasting birds I have made. I do say it was real fast only taking about an hr and a half in the oven. A few notes though... First make sure you get the bird sized listed above a 19.45 bird is a little hard to crack. Second make sure your bottom pan is big enough to catch all the drippings (we got a bit of campfire flavor due to the massive amout of smoke). When in doubt leave it to Alton to help settle a dispute and create a new tradition.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"m.driedric\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Hi Cynthia,  i did this recipe several times, and never wet brined before drying and it was always moist.  I don't think it would hurt.  I would refrigerate during the brining process. PLEASE do not forget the <br />Panzanella...you would be doing yourself a disservice..so good.  Did this with chicken also<br />\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"shagerty\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Best turkey I ever made, made it for 3 thanksgiving meals and everyone loved it. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Lubert S.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"One of the best roast turkeys I have ever tasted.  The meat was moist and cooked perfectly throughout and the skin was crunchy and delicious.  Wonderful.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Martin L.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Never do reviews for recipes, but got to say this turkey turned out really good.<br />I cooked a 21 pound turkey: 30 mins @ 425 and 60~mins @ 400(because i was short for time)  it turned out really crisp and juicy and well seasoned. Giblet gravy turned out really good as well. Gj AB!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Win B.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \" I did just the turkey breast. I sprayed it with olive oil, and left it wrapped in plastic wrap, and aluminum foil for three day with the other ingredients. I overcooked it to 175 degrees, BUT, it was still moist. The flavor was very good. Alton thanks for saving me this Thanksgiving!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Chris R.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Amazing love it\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Stephanie P.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"The Brined, spatchcocked turkey and panzanella was THE BEST THANKSGIVING TURKEY EVER. Can't wait to do it again.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Ksinks13\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Love it\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"oldstuff58\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Best turkey ever - this recipe is a start of a new tradition. The only adjustment I made was to cook it until the internal temp reached 160 degrees.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"michelle n.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Bird was very delicious and moist however, as other reviewers have experienced, do not measure bird temp from the breast as directed.  Measure it from the thickest part of the dark meat or at least take several measurements in different parts of the bird to make sure it's cooked. Also, the skin on my turkey was dry and inedible.  The turkey meat itself was awesome, moist, flavorful and not at all salty.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 1,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I'm shocked that Alton, being so meticulous about every minute detail, didn't even proofread his recipe. 155 degrees ready? Give me a break. It was total screw up.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 1,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Fiasco (as in This American Life level \\\"Fiasco\\\").  18 lb bird.  Thermometer inserted in heart of breast read 170 after 30 mins (wasn't hitting bone and confirmed by second non-digital thermometer).  Took bird out of oven, re-positioned thermometer, read 140, put back in until read 165 (after about 45-50 mins).  Left to re-distribute juices for 30m while remainder of meal (mostly prepped in advance) warmed in oven (including Chris Prosperi's super-buttery mashed potatoes).  As guests gathered in the kitchen for the ceremonial carving &amp; I made the first cut to separate out the breast for slicing, the first view revealed nearly raw breast meat.  In 30 years of putting on Tgiving feasts, I'd never confronted such a disaster.  Not this time.  I cut up the bird, nuked one breast (after separating the skin), and cooked the remainder for another 45 mins.  (Not quite the payoff for living with roadkill in the fridge for four days!)\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Isabel Sherwood\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Amazing! Definitely the best turkey I have ever had. Alton rarely disappoints.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Melissa Elkanich\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Alton:<br /><br />This makes a truly fantastic turkey, but does leave me with a bone to pick.  This is a spatchcoked turkey - not a butterflied turkey.  Turkey's should always be spatchcocked (not butterflied).\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Dennis Rogers\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This is a great method, especially if you like nice crisp skin.  Although, I did cook mine on my Treager grill (using the same temperature settings as Alton did with the oven).  Makes carving sooo much easier and was very juicy and flavorful.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"earthhelper\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I've tried the cheesecloth, the upside down, and icing the breast method and this is the best and easiest, once you get it cut.<br /> I have picky eaters so I left out the allspice, I only had one day to brine and then I rinsed just incase it would be salty, still came out nice and crisp.<br />I use an upside down v-rack to put the turkey on, the legs tuck in nice under the handle. This was a 17lb bird.<br />I do have an odd large flat pan but I think a jelly roll pan might work. I line it with foil and parchment first and use my regular stuffing recipe. Put the rack going head to tail across the short side of the pan, you shouldn't have to much hanging over, cut your foil a little longer to catch the drippings. After about 30 min. take out the parchment with your stuffing and move it to a casserole to finish baking to the right temp. Put the turkey back in to finish cooking.<br />You get a gorgeous bird, moist, easy to cut and real stuffing with drippings. Gravy made with back,neck &amp; drippings from pan\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"lnichols-98\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Best turkey ever!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Hv3CuteKids\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Thank you Alton!!!  I saw the show just a week before Thanksgiving--talk about great timing.   Thanks to all those who took the time to review the recipe.  You were all a great help.  <br /><br />Here's what I did:  I dry-brined my 13.5 lb fresh turkey for 4 days, had all ingredients except for the all spice berries.  When I baked it, I put the turkey on a cooling rack on top of my baking sheet and lined my oven with oven liner.  425 degrees @  30 minutes, down to 350 @ 60 minutes.  I checked doneness at 350 @ 45 minutes and it was at 155 but looked undone so I added 15 more minutes and temp was up to 165 and was cooked through.  I covered the turkey and let it rest.  The wings had a nice and crispy skin as did the breast but the legs were not that crispy.  Best of all, no basting needed.  This was the least hassle turkey meal I have ever made. <br /><br />I did not make the panzanella because just looking at the ingredients -- my kids would never have touched it so I did not bother.  <br />\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Pearl-Anne Lee Brown\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Easy Crowd Pleaser!<br /><br />I started the brine Sunday and cooked Thursday morning. It was delicious and juicy. My family loved it!<br /><br />I do have to admit that looking at the thing every time it opened the fridge was a bit, um, creepy. I think next time I will put foil over it and see what happens.<br />\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Kathy P.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Good for 8 lb Turkey Breast too<br /><br />I was a little confused in the 4 days ahead - and dry brine for 4 days.  In the end, since I was cooking this for a lunch, I dry brined for 96 hours even though I started it on Sunday.<br /><br />I adjusted the measurements down by 1/3 as I had 8 lbs of breast. I'm short and struggled with the leverage to break the breast bone until I hit upon scoring it from the underside and then applying pressure. <br /><br />I started my oven with my bread stone at the same time I pulled the turkey from the fridge. I didn't like putting the turkey on the oven rack so I used my broiler pan which I did not preheat.  I put the broiler pan on top of the stone to cook.<br /><br />All of a sudden the temp probe read 160 - after only 75 minutes total cooking time.  I pulled it and put it under a tent for about 50 minutes until it was ready to carve. <br /><br />The breast defrosted for 4 days in the bottom of my fridge before brining. The bird was juicy and tender and definitely rated as a good eat.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"MKCul8r\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I made a turkey for my son's school's fall feast and \\\"long story short\\\" it was a giant, baby killing salmonella bomb. I only had a couple of hours and ran to the store, asked for a very skeptical butcher to butterfly a 14 pounder (his exact words were \\\"good luck with that,\\\") grabbed an extra breast (turkey) and ran back home. Thank goodness I had heard Alton on NPR referring to this method in a program a few days ago. While I washed the bird, husband was dispatched to write down the specifics and bring them to me in the kitchen. <br />Well, I put the extra breast in the drippings pan instead of vegetables since I was only concerned about taking a turkey to the feast. It worked beautifully and despite not having brined the turkey at all, it was the moistest turkey I have ever had. I make a good turkey, usually, but this was phenomenal!<br />\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"dzdj\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"@BluePeacock: No basting. This is, quite literally, the best turkey recipe ever. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"BluePeacock\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Looking forward to trying this recipe this Thursday, but I have a question for you veterans - NO BASTING????\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"dallas w.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This was such an easy recipe to make. The method was pretty simple and planning ahead made the T-day much less stressful. We would cut back on the salt maybe a teensy bit. We also cooked it on a cooling rack rather than straight on the oven rack and removing it and cleaning up wasn't bad at all. Flavor wise I would say it was among the tastier birds we've made, texture was also juicy with a crispy flavorful skin. I would make this again. Thanks for a great technique :-   \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"meganrage420\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Holy Moly! I made this for the first Turkey I've ever made, and honest to God, Everyone told me it was the best Turkey they've ever had: Crispy skin, moist meat, Delicious!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"gerbuddy\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 1,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Turkey was too salty and dry brine technique is a bother.  Will not ever make this again.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Not only the best Turkey preparation I have ever made, but the best I have ever tasted - as was the soup made from the carcass after! I did not make Panzanella, rather put our bread stuffing pan under the bird - and also threw a few bacon scraps over the bird while it cooked. Used Bobby Flay's roasted turkey stock a few days ahead to make sure I had lots of gravy - it was divine. Love you A.B.!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Sarah M.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I used AB's wet brine the last few years and loved it, but I found this recipe a lot less labor-intensive and the results even better, which I didn't think was possible.  I followed the recipe to the letter and it was the juiciest turkey I've ever tasted.<br /><br />  - I used a fresh turkey from a local farm.  It was 18 pounds, so I doubled the dry brine ingredients and just slathered them on until they looked even around the bird.  I didn't think it was too salty, as some have said.  Maybe the store bought turkeys that are already injected with salt need less in the brine?  It also took 38 minutes longer to cook due to the size, but I expected that and planned for it. <br /> - I thought the panzanella was great, and added a really nice slight acid to the often one-note of the Thanksgiving plate. It DEFINITELY prevented the smokey kitchen, so roast some kind of veggies in the bottom.<br />- We have a second refrigerator and a large stove.  I'm not sure it would have been as feasible without them. <br /><br />\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"SaqibSaab\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Excellent turkey, with rave reviews from 50+ people.<br /><br />- Turkey was super moist, great flavor, and seasoned perfectly all the way through. Skin insanely crispy.<br /><br />- Compared to AB's classic brine? My wife says that one tastes like Thanksgiving, this one tastes like turkey, both awesome.<br /><br />- Butterflying was tough with no electric knife but worth it. Made cooking more even and gravy was done the day before.<br /><br />- Dry-brine = easy! Resulting flavors were a hit. Salt penetrated all the way in perfectly. Use Diamond Kosher salt. If you use Morton's, go 2 Tbsp per 14 lb bird.<br /><br />- Our 19 lb bird took a lot longer.<br /><br />- Pull at 160 deg F if you need more doneness. We pulled around 155, resting took care of pink.<br /><br />- The rack procedure is tricky if you have a bigger bird or aren't doing the panzanella. We did have to alter a bit due to smoke. Just make a nice big/wide leak-proof rig to catch the fat, maybe with a mirepoix.<br /><br />- Concept of this turkey can be applied to chicken. I'll definitely try it.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"trust my tastebuds\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 2,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Won't make it again.  Yes, the turkey cooked perfectly in 90 minutes, yes the flavor was great, and no it did not stick to the rack as I envisioned it would.  BUT it looked \\\"pathetic' in its flattened, discolored, shriveled state as I placed it in front of my Thanksgiving guests.  And since we eat with our eyes first, it was a big disappointment.  Also, did not care for the Panzanella.  The root veggies became over cooked at the first stage and the flavor was weird with the vinegar added.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"eloopyar\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 3,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This is not my favorite Alton recipe. This is a improvement in texture over the brined bird but the flavor reminded me of the frozen turkey rolls we ate when I was a kid. The star of this recipe is the Panzanella. Delicious!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"john598919\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Awesome recipe!!  Much better than the AB wet brined turkey and much easier.  I adjusted the salt by 20% (10 tsp down to 8 tsp because I had a 11 lb fresh turkey, and it came out perfect.  The turkey came up to temp in about 40 minutes after going to 350.  The panzanella was different but very good.  However, I roasted and stirred it for about 20 minutes, took it out and added the vinegar which was a little much.  So I threw it back in the pan and roasted it for another 20 minutes to burn off some of the vinegar and it was awesome.  No leftovers.  This is my permenant recipe for turkey day, although I will experiment with the dyr brine spices and possibly the panzanella ingredients next year :-\\r<br />\\r<br /> \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"chumster\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 1,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I walked into my house where my wife has been cooking this recipe, and was greeted with the stench of burnt grease.  How on earth are you supposed to roast a turkey directly on the rack, without grease dripping off to the side everywhere?  Does Alton own a giant oven that normal people don't own?  Our 13 lb bird was dripping everywhere but the pan beneath it,  God help anyone trying to cook a 20 lb. turkey.  Instead of the smell of Thanksgiving, our house reeks of burnt grease.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"inthemaplewoods\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Most amazing turkey ever!! I ran into several issues (not having anything to do with the recipe and it still worked out! I had an 18 lb turkey and THEN looked for recipes. I found this one, quickly defrosted the turkey days earlier than intended, wrestled into its more or less flattened, butterflied shape and left to age with the dry rub in the fridge for days. It looked a little weird by day four, but no matter! The second problem I ran into was my digital thermometer BROKE and it was too late to get another one so I had to guess at timing and doneness the old fashioned way. As a result I'm pretty sure I could have taken the turkey out at least 30 minutes earlier than I did BUT it was still amazing!!! Tasty, moist, crispy skin. My grown up kids and I were practically swooning from tasting bits before it even got to the table. Every year we love the turkey we make better than the last but this is THE one that we'll make from now on.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"1949Mom\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Fabulous turkey!  We cooked the turkey directly on the racks, as directed, which does make a mess, but my sister-in-law had a good cleanup tip: slide the oven racks in a large garbage bag, put a cup of ammonia in a soup can, set the can in the bag with the racks, seal tightly and leave on the garage floor (cool concrete overnight. The racks cleaned up really easily the next morning. Rather than the veggies, we baked the stuffing in pans under the turkey.  VERY good. Definitely using this method again.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This turkey recipe was great.  I made two 14 lbs birds for my family of 23, they brought the sides.  One bird was cooked the traditional way of brining for 24 hours in water.  But for the other, a much cheaper store brand turkey, I followed this recipe, dry brined and allowed it to dry in frig for 4 days.  My family loved it.  We cut the bird and transferred to the serving platter and while I had my back turned family members had picked the carcass clean.  The traditional bird was still good, but lots was left over.  The dry brined bird was gone.  Raves all around.<br /><br />I didn't make the panzanella.  I put a disposable heavy aluminum tray on the rack under the bird to catch the droppings.  The droppings were very salty.  I added low salt broth to the gravy to decrease the salt.<br /><br />I loved preparing the bird on Sunday for Thanksgiving.  It made the holiday less stressful for me.   \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Mat L\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Spectacular! Did Alton's wet brine last year, and the spatchcock dry brine this year, and no comparison, the dry brine bird was the best we've ever had. I only had time to let it sit two days in the fridge (instead of four, but it was still great: moist, juicy meat &amp; lovely, crispy skin.<br /><br />We had a smallish 12 1/2 lb bird, and I found Alton's suggested timings just about perfect (though I did pull it when it temped at 155 with the probe oven thermo. The panzanella was also great, though it didn't seem like that many juices drained from the bird.<br /><br />Couple of suggestions: (1 put a sheet of heavy duty aluminum foil under the pan to catch any stray drippings. (2 cook the bird on a half sheet pan cooling rack instead of directly on the oven rack so that it's easier to get out (and also doesn't coat the oven rack with turkey fat.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"rsmithclan\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Thank you, Alton Brown. My husband hates turkey...always has. This was my last shot at keeping the turkey in our Thanksgiving feasts...he prefers ham, which I prefer to have at Christmas. But he agreed to give this recipe a go. We ALL loved, loved, loved it!! The meat was so moist and flavorful, the skin nice and crisp. We also loved the panzanella (my husband also hates brussel sprouts, but had second helpings of this. Thanks to you and this recipe, turkey will be heartily welcomed for many years to come. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Danae G.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Every year I try something different with my T-Day turkey. Usually it's an AB brine. This year I was determined to try his swan song Thanksgiving recipe. <br /><br />I'll be honest, I was super scared of this. It didn't make any sense that the turkey could hold onto moisture if there was t any water to introduce. But AB hadn't ever let me down, so I forged ahead. And everyday as I gazed at my turkey I had to steal myself for the possibility of turkey jerkey. The turkey looked frighteningly dry as it roosted in the fridge. <br /><br />But when I carved that thing it was hands down the most delicious, flavorful, moist turkey I've ever made. I'll never experiment again. Nor will I ever doubt AB's science. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"jerry m.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Just prepped this for a Saturday Thanksgiving feast.  Can't wait to try it.  Anyone else have a hard time breaking the breast bone?\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Audrey B.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I made this recipe for the first time last Thanksgiving. I had never used a dry brining method before, so I was taking a bit of risk for Thanksgiving dinner with guests! It was delicious...in fact, we had no leftovers! I'm making it again for this Thanksgiving. My only change will be to simply serve the roasted vegetables according to the recipe, but to leave out the bread and cider vinegar and not make a panzanella. The roasted veggies are so flavorful all on their own! \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"anniejolly\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I used this recipe last year and it was the most amazing turkey I have ever roasted.  It came out juicy, succulent, the skin was crispy.....so I am doing it again.   The turkey roasts evenly and in far less time than cooking the bird whole.  Carving the bird is so much easier as well.   the hardest part of this recipe is getting the backbone out....after that it is smooth sailing.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Mikers023\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I just want to thank AB for 11 years of making my families meals better. We did the wet brine Turkey back when we hosted our first Thanksgiving in 2001 and it was awesome. This year we were not in charge of the Turkey so we tested this out on a smaller chicken with great success. At Christmas we followed the recipe with a turkey for friends and it was amazing. Especially, loved the vegetables and how moist the turkey was, but it took about 45 minutes longer to get to temp at our house. I was almost full just from my inability to avoid temptation when carving. Now it's Easter and we are doing again for family. I can't wait for them to be impressed with our magnificent skills : Thanks again AB\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Ernie R.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"An AWESOME turkey!  I've wet brined, deep fried and roasted a turkey the regular way but this was the easiest and best.  I had to trust AB in keeping the turkey in the frig uncovered for 4 days but it worked.  One thing I will change next time is cut back on the salt.  Thanks AB!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Seevey\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"SO much pre-planning - but CHEERS from the family at the holiday table! This turkey recipe made the juiciest bird ever. No need for the 'back up' ham - the bird was picked clean!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Delag113\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I have been doing turkey for 20 years and this is hands down the best prep method ever.  I have also done AB's regular brine and I prefer this.  For starters, all the prep work is done says in advance, and there is no messy, heavy brine juice to deal with.  I also used the backbone and neck to make stock ahead of time for gravy and stuffing, rather than having to use box broth or make chicken stock.  I took the bird out whan AB said, however the temp did not rise enough and I had to put the bird back in for a bit.  I agree with the other reviewers who said to leave the bird in for a few more degrees...  This was still the juiciest, most flavorful turkey I have ever eaten.  This review is for the turkey only - I haven't tried the panzanella yet.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This was the BEST turkey I have ever had. I just hosted my first Christmas and this turkey was a huge hit. It is so moist and juicy. I was worried during the first 30 minutes. It smoked up my whole kitchen, but I kept to the recipe and it turned out amazing. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This is my first time rating anything and i had to rate this recipe. It was the best turkey i ever made. Now i never had a problem with juicy turke because i usually cook mean upside down. But this was different and had to try. It was so juicy, tender, and crispy skin. It was pretty amazing. I hate turkey but made it once a year for my mother and family. Now Im making it for christmas and any time I feel like it. This is a must try.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Awesome recipe.  I was intimidated about butterflying the turkey, but was easier than I thought.  Tastes great; easy; 14 pound turkey in under 90 minutes.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"webtraffix\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Greatest turkey recipe I've tried! Everyone loved it for Thanksgiving and was told to cook it again for Christmas. It's a MUST try recipe. Enjoy it!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"nancheechee\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I wanted to try this recipe out on myself before I cooked it for a family gathering. I let my turkey age for 4 days uncovered in the fridge as directed.  It took longer to cook &amp; it was still very moist. So moist I was concerned it wasn't cooked all the way. I think I am so used to eating dry cooked turkey throughout the years maybe I don't know what a well cooked turkey is like.  I did use a thermometer to ensure doneness &amp; took the temp of various parts of the turkey.  Next time I will pay extra for a free range organic turkey. I wasn't very happy w/the butterball turkey I used. The breasts had a fat deposit in the middle of each breast &amp; it grossed me out.  The brine mix was a bit too salty for me too. If I do this again I will use less salt but then I am not sure how this will effect the brine.  The skin was crispy but almost tough, could be the low quality of the turkey. Even if I don't dry brine the turkey I will definitely butterfly my turkey. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"SDemask\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Maybe I need to get an oven thermometer, but this took less time to cook than advised.  When I checked it, the bird was reading at nearly 170 degrees.  It was still moist!  The skin wasn't as crispy as I expected and it still fell off the meat easily.  I did let it rest for 30 minutes.  I'd make it again.  It was delicious.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Alton Brown, you are the man!!! \\r<br />I will do 2 turkeys next time, I Only let the rub work for 3 days.\\r<br />Don't change a thing, My Ukraine wife &amp; russian friends were so pleased it looked like the bones layed in a ant bed for a week when they were done eating. The commie mommies were happy last night....\\r<br />White &amp; dark meat super moist and the skin so crispy. I was eating it before I finished carving. Gonna try it on chicken too.\\r<br />You ROCK Alton!!!!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Thank goodness this was absolutely the best turkey yet!! I took a risk by not trying the recipe before thanksgiving day, since the wet brine is tried and true and I would have never heard the end of it!    Flavor was amazing, super duper moist!  Highly highly recommended.  In my case, it actually took 45 mins longer to cook however.  \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Tphotogirl\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Instead of placing the turkey directly on the rack we used our roasting pan and put the vegetables in the pan under the turkey.  It worked out great that way.  <br />Our only problem is that the recipe says to cook the turkey to the internal temperature is 155.  We cooked it to 160 however, the turkey was not quite done.  I would cook it to 165 or 170 as other recipes call for. <br />The vegetables were the biggest hit.  We have not yet cooked with parsnips but the flavor was amazing and the dish disappeared.  \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Kristen B.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Juiciest turkey ever, but makes a huge mess in the oven.  Even with a catch pan below, we had to run the self-clean on the oven the next day.  \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Nicoal B.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Best. Turkey. Ever. <br />I have done his wet brined bird. But this was the best turkey I've ever tasted!  And once you've conquered the de-boning part....it is the easiest recipe ever!  I had a 14 lb bird that I aged for 3 days. I had to cook it a bit longer, but I use a thermometer that stays in the bird while cooking. So I didn't even set a timer. I even did a modified version of his panzanella. The drippings falling into the veggies....OMG!  Delish!  This will be my Go To every thanksgiving!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Angel V.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I'm rating this for the butterflied turkey. It was my 1st time hosting Thanksgiving, a task my mother-in-law has done for years, but I've made turkey and roasted chicken before. I used a wet maple and fruit brine. I had never thought about using a dry brine for turkey, i'm sure it would have been amazing. I just can't believe how quickly my 14 pound bird was, a little over an hour and a half! I let it rest for 20+ minutes, carved it, and kept it warm in the oven and it was still incredibly moist. Everyone, including Granny raved nonstop about how tender and juicy the turkey was.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"We always have our Thanksgiving on \\\"Black Friday\\\" so I didn't try this recipe until today. We watched it the Live program. Once more, our turkey was 18 lbs (we got it free so we had to make a few adjustments.<br /><br />IT IS FABULOUS! I have done Alton's brined turkey and loved that. But this recipe truly takes the cake! I love the way the skin came out and the meat stayed extremely moist and tender.The seasonings for the dry brine were to die for.<br /><br />I had an 18 lb. turkey so all I had to do was extend the time at 350 degrees and wait until the thermometer came up to temperature. It did only take 30 minutes of resting time.<br /><br />I highly recommend this recipe and will undoubtedly use it next year as well.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Susan H.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Everyone in the family loved this.  We'll be making this again for sure next year.  \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"jtymn\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"I've had great success with AB's brined turkeys but this looked interesting. 3 days into it, my bird was looking questionable but  I forged ahead. The whole dinner turned out awesome, especially the roasted vegetables. I think I have a new favorite. Spreading the preparation over a few days did make for a more relaxed Thanksgiving Day.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Chantal H.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This was very good! The turkey didn't look great coming out of the fridge (kind of grey color so i was a little worried but it turned out pretty good. You can't go bigger than the recommended size though, because even though a had a HUGE roasting pan underneath for the panzanella the turkey dripped outside of it landing in the oven and created alot of smoke in the house. It was better once I turned it down. The turkey needed to be cooked longer also - Everything was pink in the center and the finish temp I had was 165 in the thickest part of the breast...so I don't know. The panzanella acted as a great stuffing replacement soooo tasty and we hate brussel sprouts in this house! Every year I try new brussel sprout recipes to no avail until this one! You rock Alton!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"persimmoneater\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Can we say Peking Turkey? This method made the skin so crispy(like that of peking duck and my guests all wanted more \\\"skin\\\". The panzanella salad was delicious but I substituted carrots for the parsnips which also added a great color addition. Together, the combo of the turkey and roasted root vegetables, was terrific. Loved this, and will definitely make again!  \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 3,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Very tasty and moist.  It took a lot longer than what the recipe called for though.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"krocks\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"EXCELLENT!! As always Alton never lets me down.  I did not do the panzanella but the turkey was fabulous! Ditto to nayray re: spinectomy...a little more difficult than anticipated.  My turkey actually took a little longer to cook (about 25 minutes longer at 350 but still came out perfect.  I threw a sheet pan with some root veg underneath to catch the drippings which made excellent gravy! Would definitely do this again...next time with a handsaw!!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Michael R.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"This turkey rocked. I opted to make something other than the accompanying panzanella, so I'll pass along my lessons learned. Important safety tip: place something under the turkey to absorb the drippings! I uses a sheet pan, but that resulted in smoke that nearly drove everyone out of the house! A nice pan of dressing would absorb the liquid nicely, but be forewarned.<br />Additionally, the bird was ready well ahead of schedule.<br />Alton is a true food genius.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"docmango\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"turkey was awesome.  I used a smaller one and it was done long before the cooking time said.  Very moist and tender.  Alton is truly the culinary Einstein!\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"My husband said this was the best turkey.....ever!!!!!!! I am amazed on how it decreases the roasting time which allowed all my sides to come out as the turkey was ready to serve.  Loved the herb coating\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Spinectomy a little hard, need better shears! Turkey was done about 10 minutes before recipe said. YEA!!  Very moist, rub excellent. The allspice was nice choice. Also, used the flour/cornstarch combo, drippings with a little white wine added,  and homemade stock from the back and neck for the gravy. WOW!! Was nice to be able to make it early. Also have plenty left for soup.\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Jarred H.\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 5,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"Turkey came out tasting excellent. I did have to cook it an additional 25 minutes though. \"\n    },\n    {\n      \"@type\": \"Review\",\n      \"author\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Person\",\n        \"name\": \"Food Network User\"\n      },\n      \"reviewRating\": {\n        \"@type\": \"Rating\",\n        \"ratingValue\": 4,\n        \"worstRating\": \"1\",\n        \"bestRating\": \"5\"\n      },\n      \"reviewBody\": \"It was very good!  The only problem I had with it was that it came out a little under done in the very center.  I would have gone to 160 degrees instead.<br /><br />I used an electric knife to cut the backbone out and it worked like a charm!\"\n    }\n  ],\n  \"video\": {\n    \"@type\": \"VideoObject\",\n    \"name\": \"Alton's Butterflied Turkey\",\n    \"description\": \"Alton introduces butterflying, a technique for cooking a turkey faster.\",\n    \"duration\": \"PT0H3M27S\",\n    \"thumbnailUrl\": \"https://food.fnr.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/video/0/01/017/0174/0174972.jpg.rend.hgtvcom.406.305.suffix/1660153035274.webp\",\n    \"contentUrl\": \"https://www.foodnetwork.com/apps/api/playback?path=/etc/sni-asset/food/videos/0/01/017/0174/0174972\",\n    \"uploadDate\": \"2022-08-10T16:37:30.290-04:00\"\n  },\n  \"recipeCategory\": \"main-dish\"\n}\n\nExtracted Text:\n[]\n\n-   Watch Full Seasons\n-   TV Schedule\n-   Newsletters\n-   Videos\n-   Sweepstakes\n-   Cooking Channel\n-   Classes\n-   Magazine\n-   Blog\n-   Shows A-Z\n-   Chefs A-Z\n-   Restaurants\n-   Recipes on TV\n-   Food Network on Max\n-   Meal Planning\n\n-   []\n-   []\n-   []\n-   []\n-   []\n-   []\n\n[]\n\nRecipes\n\nRecipes\n\n-   Meals\n-   Thanksgiving\n-   Baking\n-   Healthy\n-   On TV\n\nSee All Recipes\n\n[Food Network Kitchen’s The Best Cheddar and Herb Chaffle, as seen on\nFood Network.]\n\nBreakfast Recipes\n\n[]\n\nLunch Recipes\n\n[Food Network Kitchen’s Skillet Chicken Tortellini Alfredo.]\n\nDinner Recipes\n\n[]\n\nChicken Recipes\n\n[Completed Food Network Kitchen's Baked Feta Pasta]\n\nPasta Recipes\n\nShows\n\nShows\n\nTV Schedule See TV Schedule\n\n-    Girl Meets Farm\n    8am | 7c\n\n-    Girl Meets Farm\n    8:30am | 7:30c\n\n-    Girl Meets Farm\n    9am | 8c\n\n-    Girl Meets Farm\n    9:30am | 8:30c\n\n-    The Kitchen\n    10am | 9c\n\n-    The Kitchen\n    11am | 10c\n\n-    The Kitchen\n    12pm | 11c\n\n-    Christmas Cookie Challenge\n    1pm | 12c\n\n-    Christmas Cookie Challenge\n    2pm | 1c\n\n-    Christmas Cookie Challenge\n    3pm | 2c\n\n-    Holiday Baking Championship\n    4pm | 3c\n\n-    Holiday Baking Championship\n    6pm | 5c\n\n-    Holiday Baking Championship\n    7pm | 6c\n\n-    Holiday Baking Championship\n    8pm | 7c\n\n-   On Tonight\n\n    Christmas Cookie Challenge\n    9pm | 8c\n\n-    Holiday Wars\n    10pm | 9c\n\n-    Beat Bobby Flay (Holiday Throwdown)\n    11pm | 10c\n\n-    Holiday Baking Championship\n    12am | 11c\n\n-    Christmas Cookie Challenge\n    1am | 12c\n\n-    Holiday Wars\n    2am | 1c\n\n-    Beat Bobby Flay (Holiday Throwdown)\n    3am | 2c\n\n-    Selena + Chef: Home for the Holidays\n    4am | 3c\n\nSee All Shows\n\nPopular Shows\n\n[]\n\nHarry Potter: Wizards of Baking\n\n[]\n\nHoliday Baking Championship\n\n[]\n\nDiners, Drive-Ins and Dives\n\nIn the Kitchen\n\n[]\n\nThe Pioneer Woman\n\n[]\n\nThe Kitchen\n\n[]\n\nGirl Meets Farm\n\nChefs\n\nChefs\n\nChefs & Hosts\n\n[]\n\nKardea Brown\n\n[]\n\nRee Drummond\n\n[]\n\nIna Garten\n\n[]\n\nSunny Anderson\n\n[]\n\nBobby Flay\n\n[]\n\nJet Tila\n\n[]\n\nGuy Fieri\n\n[]\n\nMolly Yeh\n\nSee All Chefs\n\nTrending\n\nTrending\n\n-   Trending Eats\n-   Newsletters\n\nThe Latest\n\n[]\n\nCan Cooking Kill E. Coli in Your Food?\n\n[]\n\nYou Can Now Get McRib Sauce by the Jug\n\n[]\n\nWhat You Need To Know About the Multi-State Carrot Recall\n\n[]\n\nI’m Just a Girl in a Room With 180 Cakes\n\n[]\n\nStarbucks Drops Its First-Ever Ice-Cold Holiday Refresher\n\nShop\n\nShop\n\n-   Product Reviews\n-   Gift Ideas\n-   Shop Everything\n-   Newsletter\n\nShop Now\n\nWhat's New\n\n[]\n\nWhere We're Shopping on Small Business Saturday This Year\n\n[]\n\nSeriously Delicious Chocolate Chip Cookies You Can Order Online\n\n[]\n\nWhat to Buy from Walmart's Black Friday Deals Event\n\n[]\n\nWhat Food Network Staffers Are Buying for Black Friday\n\n[]\n\nThe Best Kitchen Deals from Amazon's Early Black Friday Sale You Can\nShop Now\n\nSweepstakes\n\nWhat's on TV\n\n[]\n\n[]\n\n[]\n\n[]\n\n[] []\n\n-   Home\n-   Recipes\n-   Poultry\n-   Turkey\n\nPrev Recipe Next Recipe\n\n[]\n\n[] Replay Video\n\nWe're sorry, there seems to be an issue playing this video. Please\nrefresh the page or try again in a moment. If you continue to have\nissues, please contact us here.\n\n[Alton's Butterflied Turkey]\n\nWATCH []\n\nLoading Video...\n\nFirst Up [Alton's Butterflied Turkey] 03:27\n\nAlton's Butterflied Turkey\n\n[Roasted Root Veggie Panzanella] 03:14\n\nRoasted Root Veggie Panzanella\n\n[]\n\nButterflied, Dry Brined Roasted Turkey with Roasted Root Vegetable\nPanzanella\n\n[]\n\nRecipe courtesy of Alton Brown\n\n[]\n\nRecipe courtesy of Alton Brown\n\nShow: Good Eats\n\nEpisode: Alton's Countdown to T-Day\n\nButterflied, Dry Brined Roasted Turkey with Roasted Root Vegetable Panzanella\n\nGetting reviews...\n\n-   Level: Intermediate\n-   Total: 4 days 3 hr 5 min\n\n-   Prep: 1 hr 15 min\n-   Inactive: 4 days 30 min\n-   Cook: 1 hr 20 min\n\n-    Yield: 8 to 10 servings\n-   \n    Nutrition Info\n\n    Nutritional Analysis\n        Per Serving\n\n    Serving Size\n        1 of 10 servings\n\n    Calories\n        767\n\n    Total Fat\n        26 g\n\n    Saturated Fat\n        7 g\n\n    Carbohydrates\n        29 g\n\n    Dietary Fiber\n        7 g\n\n    Sugar\n        7 g\n\n    Protein\n        99 g\n\n    Cholesterol\n        313 mg\n\n    Sodium\n        1765 mg\n\n    []\n\n[] Save Recipe\n\n-    [] Pinterest\n\n-   \n    []\n\n-    [] Email\n\n-   [] []\n\n-   Level: Intermediate\n-   Total: 4 days 3 hr 5 min\n\n-   Prep: 1 hr 15 min\n-   Inactive: 4 days 30 min\n-   Cook: 1 hr 20 min\n\n-   Yield: 8 to 10 servings\n\n-   Nutrition Info\n\n    Nutritional Analysis\n        Per Serving\n\n    Serving Size\n        1 of 10 servings\n\n    Calories\n        767\n\n    Total Fat\n        26 g\n\n    Saturated Fat\n        7 g\n\n    Carbohydrates\n        29 g\n\n    Dietary Fiber\n        7 g\n\n    Sugar\n        7 g\n\n    Protein\n        99 g\n\n    Cholesterol\n        313 mg\n\n    Sodium\n        1765 mg\n\n    []\n\nIngredients\n\nDeselect All\n\nTurkey: \n\n3 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt\n\n1 1/2 teaspoons rubbed sage\n\n1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme\n\n1 1/4 teaspoons whole black peppercorns\n\n1/2 teaspoon whole allspice berries\n\n1 13 to 14 pound whole turkey, neck and giblets removed and reserved for\nGiblet Stock\n\nPanzanella:\n\n1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled and cubed into 1/2-inch pieces\n\n1 teaspoon vegetable oil \n\n1/2 pound red onion, diced into 1/2-inch pieces\n\n8 ounces medium Brussels sprouts, shredded on the thin slicing blade of\na food processor\n\n8 ounces hearty sourdough or multigrain bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\nand staled\n\n2 cloves garlic, minced\n\n1/4 cup apple cider vinegar\n\n2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves\n\nKosher salt\n\nFreshly ground black pepper\n\n[] Add to Shopping List\n\n[] View Shopping List [] Ingredient Substitutions\n\nDirections\n\n[] WATCH []\n\nWatch how to make this recipe.\n\n1.  For the turkey: Four days before service, place the salt, sage,\n    thyme, black peppercorns, and allspice into a spice grinder and\n    pulse until the peppercorns and allspice are coarsely ground, 5 to 6\n    pulses. Set aside. \n2.  Set the turkey, breast-side down, on a large cutting board with the\n    tail closest to you. Use an electric knife or heavy-duty kitchen\n    shears to cut up one side of the backbone. Turn the bird around and\n    cut back down the other side of the spine. Reserve the backbone for\n    Giblet Stock. Discard any fat pockets or excess skin found inside\n    the turkey. Turn the turkey breast-side up and use the heel of your\n    hands to press down on both breasts, until you hear a cracking sound\n    and the bird has flattened slightly. \n3.  Rub the seasoned salt on both sides of the turkey. Place the turkey\n    on a parchment paper lined half sheet pan, breast-side up with legs\n    running with the long side of the pan. Store, uncovered, in the\n    refrigerator for 4 days. \n4.  Remove the turkey from the refrigerator and leave at room\n    temperature for 1 hour. \n5.  For the panzanella: Place the parsnips and rutabaga in a large\n    nonstick roasting pan, toss with vegetable oil and set aside. \n6.  Place one rack in the middle of the oven and a second one far enough\n    below so the roasting pan will fit. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.\n    Place the turkey directly on the middle rack of the oven with the\n    legs perpendicular to the metal bars of the rack. \n7.  Place the roasting pan with the parsnips and rutabaga on the rack\n    below the turkey and roast both for 30 minutes. \n8.  Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. Add the red onion to the roasting\n    vegetables and stir to combine. Continue to roast both the\n    vegetables and the turkey until a probe thermometer inserted into\n    the thickest part of the breast registers 155 degrees F, an\n    additional 40 to 50 minutes.\n9.  Remove the turkey from the oven onto a cooling rack set inside a\n    half sheet pan and rest for 30 minutes. \n10. Add the Brussels sprouts, bread cubes and garlic to the roasting\n    vegetables, stir to combine and roast for an additional 15 minutes.\n    Remove the vegetables from the oven and immediately transfer to a\n    serving bowl. Pour the apple cider vinegar in the warm roasting pan,\n    stir and scrape off any browned bits from the pan. Pour the vinegar\n    mixture over the salad, add the thyme and toss to combine. Season\n    with salt and pepper as desired. Serve warm or at room temperature. \n11. Carve the turkey with an electric knife and serve with the\n    panzanella.\n\nTools You May Need\n\nPrice and stock may change after publish date, and we may make money off\nthese links.\n\nTools You May Need\n\nPrice and stock may change after publish date, and we may make money off\nthese links.\n\nMy Private Notes\n\n[] Add a Note\n\n[] WATCH []\n\nShow: Good Eats\n\nEpisode: Alton's Countdown to T-Day\n\nCategories:\n\nThanksgiving Turkey Poultry Thanksgiving Turkey Recipes Brined Turkey\nRoasted Turkey Roasting Main Dish High Fiber\n\nMore from:\n\nTop Turkeys for Thanksgiving\n\nLooking for Something Else?\n\nQuick & Easy More Turkey Recipes 5 Ingredients or Less Highly Rated\n\n[]\n\nDry-Brined Roasted Turkey\n\n[]\n\nDry-Brined Herbed Turkey\n\n[Jeff Mauro Fried Turkey, as seen on The Kitchen Thanksgiving Live,\nSpecial 1]\n\nDry-Brined Fried Turkey\n\n[]\n\nButterflied Juniper-Brined Roasted Turkey with Compound Butter\n\n👩‍🍳 What's Cooking\n\n[Food Network Kitchen’s Sweet Potato Casserole as seen on Food Network.]\n\nClassic Thanksgiving Sides []\n\n[Juicy Mayo Roasted Turkey]\n\nShowstopping Turkey Recipes []\n\n[Thanksgiving Turkey Cupcakes]\n\nFestive Dessert Ideas []\n\nDiscover More Recipes...\n\nShop With Us\n\n[]\n\n5 Best Vacuum Sealers, Tested and Reviewed\n\n[]\n\n9 Best Air Fryers, Tested and Reviewed\n\n[]\n\n8 Best Coffeemakers, Tested and Reviewed\n\nOur Newsletter\n\nTo sign up, please enable JavaScript.\n\nSign up for the Food Network Shopping Newsletter\n\nBy entering your email address, you agree to our Terms of Use and\nacknowledge the Privacy Policy. Food Network and its affiliates may use\nyour email address to provide updates, ads, and offers.\n\nSign Up\n\nTo withdraw your consent or learn more about your rights, see the\nPrivacy Policy.\n\nRelated Pages\n\n-   Good Eats Roast Turkey Recipe\n-   Honey Brined Smoked Turkey Recipe\n-   Dry-Brined Turkey With Classic Herb Butter Recipe\n-   Accidental Turkey Recipe\n-   Dry-Brined Herbed Turkey Recipe\n-   Thanksgiving Turkey Two Ways Recipe\n-   How to Dry Brine a Turkey\n-   Dry-Brined Fried Turkey Recipe\n-   Sumac Dry Brined Roast Turkey Recipe\n\n-   Site Map\n-   Visitor Agreement\n-   AdChoices\n-   Privacy Policy\n-   About\n-   Newsroom\n-   Advertise\n-   Help\n-   TV Ratings\n-   Online Closed Captioning\n-   Accessibility\n-   Newsletters\n-   Discovery, Inc.\n-   Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information\n\n-   International Editions\n    -   United States\n    -   Asia\n    -   Brazil\n    -   Canada\n    -   Europe, Middle East & Africa\n    -   United Kingdom\n    -   Latin America\n-   The Discovery Family of Networks\n    -   HGTV\n    -   Food.com\n    -   Travel Channel\n    -   TLC.com\n    -   Discovery.com\n    -   Cooking Channel\n-   © 2024 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and\n    affiliates. All rights reserved.\n\n-    [] Pinterest\n\n-   \n    []\n\n-    [] Email\n\n-   [] []\n",
  "children": [],
  "level": 3,
  "dependencies": []
}